chore(docs): Update headless WordPress article (#29402)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/glossary/headless-wordpress.md

## What is Headless WordPress?

> _Headless WordPress_ is the usage of the content editing and management capabilities of WordPress, decoupled from the front-end templating features of the CMS.

Reviewer: Trying to explain this in a slightly simpler way. Also pulled in the paragraph from the end, bc I think the context is more helpful in this introduction

```suggestion
A _headless WordPress_ site is one that uses WordPress for managing content and some other custom frontend stack to display that content. Headless WordPress enables content writers to use a familiar interface while giving web developers the flexibility to use any frontend technology stack.
```

npm install gatsby-source-wordpress
```

> The `gatsby-source-wordpress` plugin works with self-hosted WordPress sites, and those hosted by WordPress.com. Be aware, however, that the WordPress.com API supports a smaller set of features than that of self-hosted WordPress sites. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gatsby-source-wordpress` plugin works with self-hosted WordPress sites and those hosted by WordPress.com. Be aware, however, that the WordPress.com API supports a smaller set of features than that of self-hosted WordPress sites. 
```

Reviewer: It would be great to elaborate a bit on what those limitations are. Just listing them out should be enough, possibly with links to other resources where they can look for more info

> Headless WordPress enables a content team to use an interface they're likely familiar with, while giving Web Developers the flexibility to use any front-end technology stack.

Reviewer: Tweaking copy for grammar/flow

```suggestion
Headless WordPress enables content writers to use a familiar interface while giving web developers the flexibility to use any frontend technology stack.
```

Reviewer: Can actually delete this whole line if moving this sentence up to the intro
